If you don't hurry up and let go of my nephew, you will be captured
Zixuan, let go of Li Luo, hahaha
Hall Master Li
What happened today has nothing to do with the doctor and the head of the team
Please spare them.
I will agree to you on any terms.
Hit the face of the shady hall
You also asked Li Tanggou to forgive them
The face of Jiang Weifei's shady hall
It turns out that you can get it back by saying any endorsement
Shady Hall's face is a fart
I will definitely draw your face today.
Hmph, look at you without a coffin or tears
All for Lao Tzu
If Du Xuan comes back, you will die
Jiang Yufei tells you
It's your blessing that I like you
How dare you hit Lao Tzu and Li Changhu in the face?
Mr. Li Kang
Leave that goudong breathing for a while
Let's play in front of him
See who plays
Just do as you say
Li Le, you scum
Scum I tell you
When it's over
I took your father out of bed and fed him to the dogs
Get out of bed and feed the dog
Uh-huh.
You have no chance
How could this be so powerful?
Didn't you say 500 people? Why are you screaming so much?